FROM EMILY: I created the shrubs files in the models, controllers, and routes folders,
but I haven't tested them yet.

I also included an authorization.js file in this notes-for-team folder that shows
how I did the authorization on the last project.


FROM CHERYL 6/21: This looks great Emily, and I like this idea for notes.  I cleaned up the app.js file
by deleting the way I had connected to MondgoDb and also got rid of my db/connection file since Marc set
it up to use Mongoose.  

From Daniel 6/21: I have added the controller, models, routes for the grasses.  When I try to test them with 
thunder client I get 200 codes but I do not see any data and when I type localhost:6000 in a web browser I get
this site can't be reached message.

From Marc 6/22: I deployed our project to https://landscapingapi.onrender.com and updated the swagger.js file. Also updated the swagger.json with this new link. Worked on grass routes. Made a couple of edits to get working.

6/22: Marc found a problem with tree model. Marc had classified some of the fields as String when they were actually type: Array. The queries were dropping all of the fields that were arrays giving a shortened version of the data. Marc replaced type: String with type: Array and the query works properly now. Marc also changed the flower and shrub models for the same reason. Also had to remove enum in model on arrays as only can be used on type String.

6/26: Marc implemented unit testing using Jest on the tree routes. Jest and supertest dependencies were installed. package.json was modified to handle the npm run test command. A jest.config was created. app.js was modified to export the server connection to Jest. A __tests__ directory was created to hold all of the unit test files. index.test.js was created just to see if Jest was working. trees.test.js was created to test all of the tree routes.  The put, post, and delete route tests were turned off for now since they modify data. ( turn off test with it.skip()  )

FROM EMILY 6/26: I added the test file for shrubs. There's a strange error with the get all shrubs route. It looks like the problem is with the port already being in use. I don't understand why it's just causing an error on that specific route. I will look at this later after I've had a good night's sleep. If anyone looks at this before I do and sees anything obvious, please let me know. Thanks.

From Daniel 6/27 I added the test file for grasses.  I will have to do the testing after I read and catch up on jest.

From Marc 6/29. Put all test routes into one file routes.test.js.  Found and fixed one typo in flowers.js controller so, POST a New Flower is now working. All of the GET routes are passing the test. Hopefully we can each fully test all of routes we each created. Changed flowers.test.js to flowers.js and put it in TEMP folder with the other test files. Had to change the file names because Jest finds all of the files that have .test.js in them.

From Marc 6/29 - Repaired the grasses POST route. grasses.js controller addGrass now working.

From Marc 6/30 - created user model, user routes, user controller, and authController. Authcontroller has some references to JWT (jsonwebtokens) which will likely have to be removed when we switch to OAuth instead of JWT. Installed 2 dependencies: validator and jsonwebtoken. Tested all user routes and updated swagger docs.

From Daniel 6/30 I added the test file for users I put it in the temp folder.  I also added all of them to the routes.test.js file in the _tests_ folder